hey everyone this is matt with its
unboxed and I have got today a lacy
lesie hard disk designed by Neil poulton
high speed USB 2.0 500 gigs worth of
extra hard drive I'm running out on my
computer so I figured this would be a
good way to save all these precious
unboxing videos that I'm doing so I yeah
you know months from now I can remember
when I was still doing the unboxing
videos so here it is 500 gigs simple
black box one click backup software
included I'm using a mac so I don't know
if the software will work for my mac
let's see box content with C hard disk
designed by Neil poulton USB 2 0 cable
external power supply quick install
guide utilities manual for users etc
minimum system requirements or USB
connection windows 2000 XP or vista or
mac OS 10 point 3 or higher pentium 350
megahertz how good i just barely make
that or greater g3 g4 g5 imac intel
processor I'm trying megabit ray a
minimum so yeah it's exactly what it
says it is it tells me that it's both
windows and mac compatible USB 2 0 well
there's the company logo and more
details on the back in multiple
languages because same packaging
probably applies to multiple countries
so there it is nice simple white
packaging I've got my fingers at the
ready because there's a little bit of
tape right here sealing it and peel it
back open the bucs
and we see some styrofoam let's see
what's in here alright this is the main
unit itself I'm going to set that man
back to side sandwiched inside Sarah
phone and let's pull this out of its
chasing there it is you see you can see
it says it really shiny ridiculously
simple i guess it's got a little blue LD
LED light so it can look cool you know
like those ground effects lights that
used to see on Honda Civics in the 90s a
lot of component crammed into their
memory on-off switch USB power cable etc
so that's it like you can see the camera
and the shiny shiny reflection and we'll
go back to the box I'm going to put this
aside carefully cuz it's a hard disk I
don't want to break it manuals enjoy
free technical support with online
registration good to know probably won't
ever read this large document in many
languages about installing and using it
but you know just such a box in the box
I was left complicated boxes and wild
guess but there's my power supply and
probably a USB cable move a box within a
box within a box that's something right
there squeeze that and it's an empty box
hooray love of space filling bucks I
might use this for something one day but
probably not so that's it that's my hard
drive and tables everything else here
and there you have it thanks again for
watching it's unboxed